So we want to navigate around between our components and for that, we can add links here.
Let me add a horizontal line and above that, I'll add two anchor tags.
The first one will lead to slash nothing, so to our person list and then just the pipe symbol in between
for some spacing,
the second one will lead to /input, like that
and if we do that, we got two links here.
If I click on person list, we are on this page and on input, we are on this page.
The problem is however you can clearly see that the page still reloads because we use normal anchor
tags here and that is bad because all our application state as you can see gets lost when we do that,
Michael is not here.
To circumvent this, we don't use anchor tags with the ref attribute but we use a directive offered by
Angular, the router link directive.
Now we bind to that and therefore we can use square brackets and pass a string here with the path we
want to navigate to and that has to be wrapped in single quotes.
Now there actually is a shortcut, if you're binding a string value to a property, you can omit the square
brackets and then omit the extra pair of quotes,
now this is no longer evaluated as a Typescript expression here but as a string.
Now we do the same here for this input router link and what you will see now, with a t and what
you will see now if you save that is that
now if you switch between these routes, it happens faster and clearly, the page does not reload
and if you add Michael here now and hit create and go back to person list, you see Michael up here here
as well and
that is of course awesome.